welcome to the next tutorial i will
name it as the second part of how
convert ps1 games to apk format and
this time I will say some details for
make the game fast or make it work
those who do not start said that we started
first we turn the game like in the
previous video and we had it as it says in
the video we installed the game and we passed
data and we will do the following steps
what we will do is apply a render
for games that do not look good in the
phone in this case I will work with
silent and observe how it looks
success the game without making any of
this steps
wow wow wow wow what are those stripes
red and that white box that surrounds
harry damn goku him and his disgusting
tuto did not help at all the game looks
awful better I'll look for another video of
how to do this after another video
youtube pp tutorial but what mothers
happens this looks the same rays better me
I'll buy a ps x or a ps3 and I'll play it
since no tutorial serves to hold
my partner do not get upset here you're going
tip for this to work and do not look
for other videos remember that this
method works with every game that
see well more the twisted metal 4 or some
of the twist in metal do not contain audio
and with the render you can still see some
yellow highlighters in some
levels so I suggest playing that
with the emulator fps emulator good with
some games but it's better to play it with
that emulator the metal or less glass
that you do not have an xperia and you have to
play with your touch hahahahahaha
continue with the video and follow the
steps so that it does not happen as in the
last video
number 1 we open for the first time the
game so that you create a folder in the
sd card remember just open it and try
the game even if it looks bad and if it looks and
run perfect do not do these steps to
unless you have a detail that
want to fix after having
open the game you close number 2
we enter our archives archives of
the memory card and we go to the
next route android data and
we select the game folder that
emulate mos in this case is silent in
files content or forgiveness was not that
we go back and select the folder of
name uc & c we open the following folder
if there is one and we will get two
text type files of which
we will open the name preferences as well
that we open and show the values ​​of the
game of which we will modify the one
has the name s & w render so
general is in false value we what
we will modify the true value but
written in English as well as I put it
you write it and you save the document and
you close your archivist and now as a child
wanting to open his gift opens again
your game and see how it will be or but what
hosts step now the game looks
the disgusting ones do not come out anymore
red stripes or white box
everything is cleaned or yes yes yes thank you
gokul there for the tutorial saves me this
I spend money on a console or the
downloading an emulator for my pc ready
friends from youtube up here the video from
today and if there is another tutorial they want
ask for it in the comments or message of
part of me until later and do not forget it if
you are new and you like videos
subscribe